Honey never spoils. Archaeologists have found pots of honey in ancient Egyptian tombs that are over 3,000 years old and still perfectly edible.
The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after just 38 minutes.
Bananas are berries, but strawberries aren't. In botanical terms, berries are defined as fleshy fruits produced from a single ovary, and bananas fit this definition while strawberries do not.
The Eiffel Tower can be 15 cm taller during the summer due to thermal expansion of the iron.
A group of flamingos is called a "flamboyance."
The longest English word is "pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis," which refers to a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine silicate or quartz dust.
The tiny "seed" on the outside of a strawberry is actually a separate fruit containing a single seed.
Scotland has 421 words for "snow."
The shortest complete sentence in the English language is "I am."
The "Jiffy" in "jiffy bag," which is a padded envelope, is an actual unit of time. It refers to a brief, unspecified moment in time.
The national animal of Scotland is the unicorn.
Octopuses have three hearts.
The shortest war in history lasted only 38 minutes. It was fought between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896.
Some cats are allergic to humans.
The original name of Bank of America was "Bank of Italy."
A flock of crows is known as a murder.
The shortest complete sentence in the English language that contains all parts of speech is "Go!"
The human nose can remember 50,000 different scents.
A group of pandas is called an "embarrassment."
The world's oldest piece of chewing gum is over 9,000 years old.
Maine is the closest U.S. state to Africa.
The shortest war in recorded history lasted only 38 minutes, between Britain and Zanzibar in 1896.
In Switzerland, it is illegal to own just one guinea pig because they get lonely.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
The longest wedding veil was the same length as 63.5 football fields.
The first oranges weren't orange. They were green.
"Typewriter" is the longest word that can be typed using only the top row of keys on a keyboard.
There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.
Koalas have unique fingerprints, just like humans.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
The shortest war in history occurred between Britain and Zanzibar in 1896, lasting only 38 minutes.
The sentence "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter of the alphabet.
Cows have best friends and can become stressed when they are separated.
The first alarm clock could only ring at 4 a.m.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken was 13 seconds.
Armadillos have shells that are bulletproof.
The national animal of Scotland is the unicorn.
The average person will spend six months of their life waiting for red lights to turn green.
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.
The oldest "your mom" joke was discovered on a 3,500-year-old Babylonian tablet.
A small child could swim through the veins of a blue whale.
The fear of the number 13 is called triskaidekaphobia.
A single strand of spaghetti is called a "spaghetto."
The inventor of the frisbee was turned into a frisbee after he died.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
The longest English word without a vowel is "rhythms."
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.
The national animal of Scotland is the unicorn.
There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.
